added redirect permanent configuration (#957)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/letsencrypt/apache.adoc

----
sudo service apache2 reload
----

> == Add a redirect directive
> 
> Now that we have SSL configured and enabled, we need to configure that all traffic to our server is redirected to use the encrypted ssl site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Add a Redirect Directive

Now that SSL has been configured and enabled, a redirection of all traffic to the encrypted ssl site needs to be added. Reload the Apache configuration to activate it.
```
